Further Study Required

Do a google scholar search with keywords "further study required." You'll find thousands upon thousands of papers that use that phrase or a close variation of it. Here's just a very small sampling of ones that I found in my most recent search:


"...require further study." 

"Further study will be required,
however,"

"...further study should be pursued in this area."

"further study of the basic data is in order."

"Further study required" is a catch-all, opening the door for continued investigation in that particular field. It's basically saying, "this is what we found and we think it's meaningful but we're not sure so someone (maybe us) needs to keep working on this to confirm, refute, or further illuminate the cool and/or bizarre stuff we just discovered. A cynic would say, this is just a means to getting funding (or more funding), but who cares, you need to get paid for your labor and if someone thinks it's worth funding then that's on them.  

The phrase is a hallmark of what science -- rather research -- is all about. Science and research are often conflated, confused, and it is this confusion that causes the layperson consternation about what science is, really. 

A quick duckduckgo search of "science" reveals the following definitions:

1. The observation, identification, description, experimental investigation, and theoretical explanation of phenomena.
2. Such activities restricted to a class of natural phenomena.
3. A systematic method or body of knowledge in a given area.

While a search of "research" reveals:

1. Careful study of a given subject, field, or problem, undertaken to discover facts or principles.
2. An act or period of such study.
3. Diligent inquiry, examination, or study; laborious or continued search after facts or principles; investigation: as, microscopical research; historical researches.

See the subtlety of difference? Science is the step by step quest of knowledge while research is just one step in that quest. 



